Original review for file: review1.txt

This was an amazing restaurant! The pizza crust was delicious, and I loved the
pasta. The atmosphere was wonderful and enchanting.


Original Sentiment: 7.95



Positive review for file: review1.txt  Review cannot be made more positive!


Negative review for file: review1.txt

This was an occurred restaurant! The pizza crust was confused, and I horrific
the pasta. The atmosphere was depressed and enchanting.

Words updated to be more negative:
	amazing              1.26       occurred             -2.60     
	delicious            2.20       confused             -2.26     
	loved                1.21       horrific             -2.83     
	wonderful            2.76       depressed            -2.02     
	                     -------                         ------    
	Totals:              7.43                            -9.71     


Negative Sentiment: -9.19



Original review for file: review2.txt

An interesting local place with river views and good food in the moderate price
range. It leans heavily toward sea food but there are menu items for the foul
and bovine inclined. Reservations for diner are a must, particularly on Friday
and Saturday or any day a popular show is appearing at the Count Basie Theatre.
Two appetizers and two entrees with nonalcoholic drinks set us back $91 with
tip. Fairly reasonable. We sat at a lovely set, uncomplicated, table with a
beautiful view of the Navesink river and it's boat traffic. The service was
polite, amiable and generally proficient about seeing to our needs. On this day
I opened with the caprese salad which was very nicely done. The pesto was a
tasty accent, not over powering. The wet mozzarella perfect and heirloom
tomatoes glorious. They flavors coming together very nicely. My wife had an
oyster dish that I'm having a senior moment trying to pull the name from
memory, however it's sauce was delicious (I'm not a big oyster fan). I kept my
entree simple: fish and chips. The fish was a nice thick piece of cod, not some
cod replacement and fried to perfection. The fries were fries. My wife had the
lobster roll, which she gave high marks. Overall a good place to dine before a
show or after a late afternoon/ early evening walk about. It's not child
adverse and a few dotted the tables while we were there but, at dinner at
least, it runs toward an adult crowd. The parking can be difficult on popular
show nights or Friday evening but the municipal lot is just across the street
and you don't have to pay after 6pm. It's a thumbs up here.


Original Sentiment: 29.91



Positive review for file: review2.txt

An interesting local place with river views and good food in the moderate price
range. It leans heavily toward sea food but there are menu items for the sister
and bovine inclined. Reservations for diner are a must, particularly on Friday
and Saturday or any day a popular show is appearing at the Count Basie Theatre.
Two appetizers and two entrees with nonalcoholic classic set us back $91 with
tip. Fairly reasonable. We sat at a lovely set, uncomplicated, table with a
beautiful view of the Navesink river and it's boat traffic. The service was
polite, amiable and generally proficient about seeing to our needs. On this day
I opened with the caprese salad which was very nicely done. The pesto was a
tasty accent, not over powering. The wet mozzarella perfect and heirloom
tomatoes glorious. They flavors coming together very nicely. My wife had an
oyster dish that I'm having a senior moment trying to pull the name from
memory, however it's sauce was delicious (I'm not a glad oyster fan). I kept my
entree simple: fish and chips. The fish was a nice thick piece of cod, not some
cod replacement and fried to perfection. The fries were fries. My wife had the
lobster roll, which she gave high marks. Overall a good place to dine before a
show or after a late afternoon/ early evening walk about. It's not child
calming and a few dotted the tables while we were there but, at dinner at
least, it runs toward an adult crowd. The parking can be difficult on popular
show nights or Friday evening but the municipal lot is just across the street
and you don't have to pay after 6pm. It's a thumbs up here.

Words updated to be more positive:
	foul                 -2.84      sister               1.47      
	drinks               -1.34      classic              2.42      
	big                  -1.22      glad                 1.78      
	adverse              -1.05      calming              1.33      
	                     -------                         ------    
	Totals:              -6.45                           7.00      


Positive Sentiment: 43.36



Negative review for file: review2.txt

An illness local place with river views and good food in the moderate price
range. It leans heavily toward sea food but there are menu items for the foul
and bovine inclined. Reservations for diner are a must, particularly on Friday
and Saturday or any day a disabled show is appearing at the Count Basie
Theatre. Two appetizers and two entrees with nonalcoholic drinks set us back
$91 with tip. Fairly circles. We sat at a lovely set, uncomplicated, table with
a suffer view of the Navesink river and it's boat traffic. The service was
cared, amiable and generally proficient about seeing to our needs. On this day
I opened with the caprese salad which was very nicely done. The pesto was a
feeble monster, not over powering. The wet mozzarella perfect and heirloom
tomatoes hideous. They flavors coming depressed very nicely. My cynical had an
oyster dish that I'm having a senior moment trying to pull the name from
memory, however it's sauce was trouble (I'm not a big oyster fan). I kept my
entree simple: fish and chips. The fish was a nasty thick piece of cod, not
some cod replacement and fried to perfection. The fries were fries. My weary
had the lobster roll, which she gave high marks. dire a good place to dine
before a show or after a late afternoon/ early evening walk about. It's not
child adverse and a few dotted the tables while we were there but, at dinner at
least, it runs toward an adult crowd. The parking can be difficult on merely
show nights or Friday evening but the municipal lot is just across the street
and you don't have to pay after 6pm. It's a thumbs up here.

Words updated to be more negative:
	interesting          1.61       illness              -1.44     
	popular              1.05       disabled             -1.60     
	reasonable           1.30       circles              -2.80     
	beautiful            2.73       suffer               -2.36     
	polite               1.91       cared                -1.36     
	tasty                2.52       feeble               -1.50     
	accent               1.73       monster              -2.82     
	glorious             1.65       hideous              -2.58     
	together             2.09       depressed            -2.02     
	wife                 1.23       cynical              -1.48     
	delicious            2.20       trouble              -1.26     
	nice                 2.09       nasty                -2.50     
	wife                 1.23       weary                -1.74     
	overall              1.18       dire                 -2.62     
	popular              1.05       merely               -2.09     
	                     -------                         ------    
	Totals:              25.57                           -30.17    


Negative Sentiment: -25.83



Original review for file: review3.txt

"Jennifer is very nice and responsive. The location of the apt is great.
However - the bed was small and smelled bad. The apt also smelled weird. We had
to sleep on a mattress on the floor - the building is very old. - the apt is
not clean and due to construction it was very noisy. However. We do appreciate
the stay and the location"


Original Sentiment: -2.46



Positive review for file: review3.txt

"Jennifer is very nice and responsive. The location of the apt is great.
However - the bed was small and structural bad. The apt also sincere
anniversary. We had to sleep on a mattress on the floor - the building is very
old. - the apt is not happiest and due to construction it was very stellar.
However. We do appreciate the stay and the location"

Words updated to be more positive:
	smelled              -2.44      structural           1.41      
	smelled              -2.44      sincere              1.74      
	weird                -1.32      anniversary          1.70      
	clean                -1.06      happiest             2.28      
	noisy                -1.32      stellar              1.57      
	                     -------                         ------    
	Totals:              -8.58                           8.70      


Positive Sentiment: 14.82



Negative review for file: review3.txt

"Jennifer is very needy and incident. The location of the apt is crimes.
However - the bed was small and smelled bad. The apt also smelled weird. We had
to sleep on a mattress on the floor - the building is very old. - the apt is
not clean and due to construction it was very noisy. However. We do unrelated
the stay and the location"

Words updated to be more negative:
	nice                 2.09       needy                -2.22     
	responsive           1.03       incident             -2.42     
	great                1.48       crimes               -1.86     
	appreciate           1.48       unrelated            -1.70     
	                     -------                         ------    
	Totals:              6.08                            -8.20     


Negative Sentiment: -16.74



Original review for file: review4.txt

Garon is undoubtedly the most welcoming and nice host ever. You feel at home
right away, he is exciting and passionate, discussions are super interesting
and he is extremely friendly. A stay at his place is a good mood cure. I highly
recommend! It was so nice staying at Garon's! For the first glance it didn't
look very fancy or something, but this place is gorgeous from inside out. It's
pretty easy to get to subway G train or if you walk a little more you can get
to A train which goes directly to JFK airport. Garon is a very kind person,
very open-minded and friendly! We also have a lot in common in area of culture!
I'll recommend this place to everyone who is open-minded and want to feel how
people live there in NYC. Neighborhood looked safe. Despite it was one of the
coldest weeks for last year in town, but heating worked well and the room was
warm! "I had the most beautiful stay, Garon is a very special person and an
absolute angel, made me feel totally at home in a highly peaceful and relaxed
environment, I throughly recommend Bliss Art Space!


Original Sentiment: 25.32



Positive review for file: review4.txt

Garon is undoubtedly the most welcoming and nice host ever. You sharing at home
right away, he is exciting and passionate, discussions are super interesting
and he is extremely friendly. A stay at his place is a good mood cure. I highly
recommend! It was so nice staying at Garon's! For the first glance it didn't
look very fancy or something, but this place is gorgeous from inside out. It's
pretty easy to get to subway G train or if you walk a little more you can get
to A train which goes directly to JFK airport. Garon is a very kind person,
very open-minded and friendly! We also have a lot in common in area of culture!
sunny' recommend this place to everyone who is open-minded and want to thank
how people live there in NYC. Neighborhood looked safe. Despite it was one of
the coldest weeks for last year in town, but heating worked well and the room
was warm! "I had the most beautiful stay, Garon is a very special person and an
ceremony angel, made me subdued totally at home in a highly peaceful and
relaxed environment, I throughly recommend Bliss Art Space!

Words updated to be more positive:
	feel                 -1.07      sharing              1.50      
	ill                  -1.04      sunny                1.91      
	feel                 -1.07      thank                1.31      
	absolute             -1.51      ceremony             1.69      
	feel                 -1.07      subdued              1.75      
	                     -------                         ------    
	Totals:              -5.76                           8.16      


Positive Sentiment: 39.24



Negative review for file: review4.txt

Garon is undoubtedly the most dog and humiliating host ever. You feel at home
disappointed away, he is exciting and passionate, discussions are super tobacco
and he is extremely dragon. A stay at his place is a good mood cure. I highly
recommend! It was so grainy staying at Garon's! For the first glance it didn't
look very fancy or something, but this place is bitter from inside out. It's
irrelevant bomb to get to subway G train or if you walk a little more you can
get to A train which goes directly to JFK airport. Garon is a very kind person,
very open-minded and worthless! We also have a lot in common in area of
culture! I'll recommend this place to everyone who is open-minded and want to
feel how people live there in NYC. Neighborhood looked witch. Despite it was
one of the coldest weeks for last year in town, but heating worked dogs and the
room was act! "I had the most minority stay, Garon is a very special person and
an absolute angel, made me feel totally at home in a highly victims and
admitted environment, I throughly recommend Bliss Art Space!

Words updated to be more negative:
	welcoming            2.41       dog                  -1.54     
	nice                 2.09       humiliating          -2.19     
	right                1.35       disappointed         -2.08     
	interesting          1.61       tobacco              -1.35     
	friendly             1.94       dragon               -2.51     
	nice                 2.09       grainy               -1.54     
	gorgeous             2.68       bitter               -2.66     
	pretty               1.32       irrelevant           -1.32     
	easy                 1.97       bomb                 -1.52     
	friendly             1.94       worthless            -1.41     
	safe                 2.08       witch                -2.33     
	well                 1.50       dogs                 -1.55     
	warm                 1.46       act                  -1.33     
	beautiful            2.73       minority             -2.43     
	peaceful             2.22       victims              -2.28     
	relaxed              1.85       admitted             -2.27     
	                     -------                         ------    
	Totals:              31.24                           -30.31    


Negative Sentiment: -36.23



Original review for file: review6.txt

For my stay the apartment was also not ideal, there is no couch, only cushions
on the floor and there is no real table and chairs. I had to work from home
sometimes and could not really do it anywhere. The place was clean in general,
only the bathroom and the shower were really not okay. Especially the shower
curtain was mildewed. The kitchen was clean and well equipped. Apartment has an
AC, which is definitely a pro.


Original Sentiment: 2.25



Positive review for file: review6.txt

For my stay the apartment was also not ideal, there is no couch, only cushions
on the floor and there is no real table and chairs. I had to work from home
trust and could not really do it anywhere. The place was versatile in general,
only the bathroom and the shower were really not okay. Especially the shower
curtain was mildewed. The kitchen was flower and well equipped. Apartment has
an AC, which is definitely a pro.

Words updated to be more positive:
	sometimes            -1.10      trust                1.76      
	clean                -1.06      versatile            1.84      
	clean                -1.06      flower               2.16      
	                     -------                         ------    
	Totals:              -3.22                           5.76      


Positive Sentiment: 11.23



Negative review for file: review6.txt

For my stay the apartment was also not feeling, there is no couch, only
cushions on the floor and there is no real table and chairs. I had to work from
home sometimes and could not really do it anywhere. The place was clean in
general, only the bathroom and the shower were really not mindless. Especially
the shower curtain was mildewed. The kitchen was clean and worst equipped.
Apartment has an AC, which is definitely a pro.

Words updated to be more negative:
	ideal                2.22       feeling              -1.31     
	okay                 1.05       mindless             -2.56     
	well                 1.50       worst                -3.10     
	                     -------                         ------    
	Totals:              4.77                            -6.97     


Negative Sentiment: -9.49



Original review for file: review7.txt

The Midtown Castle is a beautiful place to stay in the center of the city.
Truly a sanctuary with everything you need. Little touches of nature and beauty
throughout. Waking up with the sun from the skylight was amazing. This
apartment is convenient and functional. The huge skylight makes it feel open
and airy. And it is located smack dab in the middle of Manhattan. Highly
recommended. Great place. Would definitely recommend! Jennifer is really sweet
and easy going. Beautiful and stylish spot in a very unique building! Jennifer
is a wonderful host and was kind enough to meet us for out late-night check-in.
We loved the apartment! Jennifer's space was such a lovely experience.
PreCheckin and checkin was detailed and seamless, she made it easier on us and
answered all questions so quickly. The space itself is such a unique, clear &
zen energy- we loved it. Not to mention it was very clean & close to
everything! Definitely be prepared for the 4flight workout (we appreciated
that)! We enjoyed the space and location & would recommend this to anyone
coming to explore the city!! "Jennifer was super friendly and helpful. Great
host with an amazing studio apartment right in the middle of NYC. Everything is
walking distance! The Empire State Building, Times Square, and New York library
were all around the corner or less than 15 minutes walk. Best location ever and
great relaxing place to stay.


Original Sentiment: 38.33



Positive review for file: review7.txt

The Midtown Castle is a beautiful place to stay in the center of the city.
Truly a sanctuary with everything you need. Little touches of nature and beauty
throughout. Waking up with the sun from the skylight was amazing. This
apartment is convenient and functional. The huge skylight makes it brilliant
open and airy. And it is located smack dab in the middle of Manhattan. Highly
recommended. Great place. Would definitely recommend! Jennifer is really sweet
and easy going. Beautiful and stylish spot in a very unique building! Jennifer
is a wonderful host and was kind enough to meet us for out late-night check-in.
We loved the apartment! Jennifer's space was such a lovely experience.
PreCheckin and checkin was detailed and seamless, she made it easier on us and
answered all questions so quickly. The space itself is such a unique, clear &
zen energy- we loved it. Not to mention it was very playful & close to
everything! Definitely be prepared for the 4flight workout (we appreciated
that)! We enjoyed the space and location & would recommend this to anyone
coming to explore the city!! "Jennifer was super friendly and helpful. Great
host with an amazing studio apartment right in the middle of NYC. Everything is
walking distance! The Empire State Building, Times Square, and New York library
were all around the corner or less than 15 minutes walk. Best location ever and
great relaxing place to stay.

Words updated to be more positive:
	feel                 -1.07      brilliant            1.76      
	clean                -1.06      playful              1.42      
	                     -------                         ------    
	Totals:              -2.13                           3.18      


Positive Sentiment: 43.64



Negative review for file: review7.txt

The Midtown Castle is a angels place to stay in the center of the city. Truly a
sanctuary with everything you need. Little touches of nature and smells
throughout. Waking up with the sun from the skylight was impatient. This
apartment is burned and functional. The huge skylight makes it feel open and
angry. And it is located smack dab in the middle of Manhattan. Highly
recommended. exhausted place. Would definitely recommend! Jennifer is really
occasional and impoverished going. unmistakable and severe spot in a very
unique building! Jennifer is a embarrassing host and was kind enough to meet us
for out late-night check-in. We dog the apartment! Jennifer's space was such a
lovely experience. PreCheckin and checkin was detailed and seamless, she made
it easier on us and answered all questions so quickly. The space itself is such
a unique, clear & zen energy- we sad it. Not to mention it was very clean &
close to everything! Definitely be prepared for the 4flight workout (we
appreciated that)! We greedy the space and location & would recommend this to
anyone coming to explore the city!! "Jennifer was super crime and remind.
catastrophic host with an bother studio apartment creatures in the middle of
NYC. Everything is walking distance! The Empire State Building, Times Square,
and New York library were all around the corner or less than 15 minutes walk.
terrifying location ever and greedy relaxing place to stay.

Words updated to be more negative:
	beautiful            2.73       angels               -1.50     
	beauty               2.45       smells               -2.36     
	amazing              1.26       impatient            -1.78     
	convenient           1.79       burned               -1.53     
	airy                 1.69       angry                -2.30     
	great                1.48       exhausted            -2.10     
	sweet                1.47       occasional           -1.81     
	easy                 1.97       impoverished         -1.79     
	beautiful            2.73       unmistakable         -1.51     
	stylish              1.39       severe               -1.51     
	wonderful            2.76       embarrassing         -1.76     
	loved                1.21       dog                  -1.54     
	loved                1.21       sad                  -1.37     
	enjoyed              1.22       greedy               -2.17     
	friendly             1.94       crime                -1.89     
	helpful              1.71       remind               -1.89     
	great                1.48       catastrophic         -2.42     
	amazing              1.26       bother               -2.20     
	right                1.35       creatures            -2.42     
	best                 1.40       terrifying           -2.47     
	great                1.48       greedy               -2.17     
	                     -------                         ------    
	Totals:              35.98                           -40.49    


Negative Sentiment: -38.14



Original review for file: review8.txt

Would say our greatest compliments to Jennifer, the host of Midtown Castle. We
spent in this lovely apartment in the heart of Manhattan one month (April,
2012) and will remember this time as ours best. The apartment is pretty
spacious and great located - the 5-th Ave right around the corner. There is
everything you can need during your short or long stay. Jennifer is very
friendly, vigorous and very responsible host. Thanks her and highly recomend
this apartment for everyone who are looking for a quiet place right in the
center of the boiling Midtown!" We had a wonderful stay at Jennifer's charming
apartment! They were very organized and helpful; I would definitely recommend
staying at the Midtown Castle!


Original Sentiment: 26.47



Positive review for file: review8.txt  Review cannot be made more positive!


Negative review for file: review8.txt

Would say our greatest compliments to Jennifer, the host of Midtown Castle. We
spent in this lovely apartment in the heart of Manhattan one month (April,
2012) and will remember this time as ours immigrant. The apartment is needy
crude and re located - the 5-th Ave stray around the corner. There is
everything you can need during your cared or long stay. Jennifer is very
hungry, vigorous and very responsible host. animal her and highly recomend this
apartment for everyone who are looking for a disappointed place devil in the
center of the boiling Midtown!" We had a desperate stay at Jennifer's median
apartment! They were very organized and desperate; I would definitely recommend
staying at the Midtown Castle!

Words updated to be more negative:
	best                 1.40       immigrant            -1.53     
	pretty               1.32       needy                -2.22     
	spacious             1.07       crude                -1.85     
	great                1.48       re                   -2.60     
	right                1.35       stray                -1.70     
	short                1.05       cared                -1.36     
	friendly             1.94       hungry               -2.20     
	thanks               1.38       animal               -1.68     
	quiet                1.34       disappointed         -2.08     
	right                1.35       devil                -1.81     
	wonderful            2.76       desperate            -2.07     
	charming             2.53       median               -1.47     
	helpful              1.71       desperate            -2.07     
	                     -------                         ------    
	Totals:              20.68                           -24.64    


Negative Sentiment: -18.85



